Extend Load Balancer creation waiter to look for errors in `Errors` field (#354)
stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-go: services/loadbalancer/CHANGELOG.md

## v0.9.3 (2024-03-19)

> - Update Load Balancer creation waiter to check for errors the instance `Errors` field and, if some are found, return even if the status is still `STATUS_PENDING`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve error handling in Load Balancer creation waiter, fixing timeout for `STATUS_PENDING` state with errors. If an error is found in the `Errors` field, it returns `true` and an error. 
```
